fix: path traversal in the `split` command (#2891)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tired-pets-slide.md

---
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> Fixed a path traversal in the `split` command that could write files outside the chosen `--outDir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a path traversal in the `split` command that might have written files outside the chosen `--outDir`.
```
